README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://media.tenor.com/On7kvXhzml4AAAAj/loading-gif.gif" />
</p>

# Team TBD
The official ACM AI Team TBD repository.

## Table of Contents:
- [Requirements](https://github.com/acmucsd-projects/Team-TBD#requirements-bangbang)
- [Instructions](https://github.com/acmucsd-projects/Team-TBD#instructions-computer)
- [Source](https://github.com/acmucsd-projects/Team-TBD#source-bulb)
- [Datasets](https://github.com/acmucsd-projects/Team-TBD#datasets-hammer)
- [Difficulties](https://github.com/acmucsd-projects/Team-TBD#difficulties-x)
- [Author Info](https://github.com/acmucsd-projects/Team-TBD#author-info-trident)

## Requirements :bangbang:

Refer to `requirements.txt` for the packages and dependencies.

## Instructions :computer:
Clone this repository to get started.
```
git clone https://github.com/acmucsd-projects/Team-TBD.git
```

To install the required packages for our project, run the following comment:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Source :bulb:

## Datasets :hammer:

## Difficulties :x:

## Author Info :trident:
- Mentor: Vincent Tu [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vincent-tu-422b18208/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/alckasoc)
- Catherine Zhang [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/catherine-zhang-b6a86415a/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/caz002)
- Aryaman Dayal [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aryaman-dayal-a6a4b0214/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/aryamandayal)
- Hargen Zheng [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hargen-zheng-75540b218/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/hgnzheng)
- Sia Patodia [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sia-patodia-21a071200/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/siapatodia8)
- Phillip Wu [GitHub](https://github.com/philliptwu)
- Ryan Wong [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryanjmwong/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/RyanJWong)

Commit message:

updated requirements.txt and virtual env instruction

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://media.tenor.com/On7kvXhzml4AAAAj/loading-gif.gif" />
</p>

# Team TBD
The official ACM AI Team TBD repository.

## Table of Contents:
- [Requirements](https://github.com/acmucsd-projects/Team-TBD#requirements-bangbang)
- [Instructions](https://github.com/acmucsd-projects/Team-TBD#instructions-computer)
- [Source](https://github.com/acmucsd-projects/Team-TBD#source-bulb)
- [Datasets](https://github.com/acmucsd-projects/Team-TBD#datasets-hammer)
- [Difficulties](https://github.com/acmucsd-projects/Team-TBD#difficulties-x)
- [Author Info](https://github.com/acmucsd-projects/Team-TBD#author-info-trident)

## Requirements :bangbang:

Refer to `requirements.txt` for the packages and dependencies.

## Instructions :computer:
Clone this repository to get started.
```
git clone https://github.com/acmucsd-projects/Team-TBD.git
```

It's recommended to run our code in a virtual environment to make sure your package versions are not messed up. The following is the instruction to create a conda virtual environment for our project, where we use Python 3.9 -- a stable release:
```
conda create -n mbti python=3.9
```

To install the required packages for our project, run the following comment:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Source :bulb:

## Datasets :hammer:

## Difficulties :x:

## Author Info :trident:
- Mentor: Vincent Tu [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vincent-tu-422b18208/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/alckasoc)
- Catherine Zhang [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/catherine-zhang-b6a86415a/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/caz002)
- Aryaman Dayal [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aryaman-dayal-a6a4b0214/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/aryamandayal)
- Hargen Zheng [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hargen-zheng-75540b218/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/hgnzheng)
- Sia Patodia [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sia-patodia-21a071200/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/siapatodia8)
- Phillip Wu [GitHub](https://github.com/philliptwu)
- Ryan Wong [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryanjmwong/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/RyanJWong)
